Welcome back my dear students in this lecture here we're going to be adding a new feature to see a mess.
And it's a feature that when we click on the name of the author is going to take us to a page we're
going to show us all the posts related to this author right here.
I think this is a really cool feature.
I'm not going to be a very complex thing but you could actually extend it and make it your way.
All right.
I'm just going to give you like a big idea how this is done.
I should I'm going to show you how this is done.
And then you can apply it to whatever you want in your project.
All right.
So let's go ahead and start doing this.
I'm going to use this co-editor right here.
So the first thing is that we need to do is we need to send the request right here on this link to another
page.
All right first we need to create another page because we don't have another page for specific users
right.
So let's create the page first.
And I think the best place to use the best template to use is post up DHB sense when we click on post
on the title we get specific polls for this idea right here.
Right.
So let's use something similar.
So post up THP.
I went to the Aceves and got a call this altar's alter polls.
All right.
That BHB.
There we go.
Now of course we need to change a couple of things here but that's something that we will do later.
But right now we need to get Daguerre request link going.
All right.
So what we need to do is we have the link right here that is placeholder or door.
So we need to send this to all your posts.
All right.
So that page.
And we need to send a request with it.
So the request is just going to be alter here equals what we're here.
We got it right here.
Right.
And then we're going to send another parameter parameter and we're going to put an ampersand there and
then we're going to set P on this score ID equals and then you're going to pay the same thing again
here and mortified a little bit and send the post ID with it.
So let's go back and let's see what we got.
All right.
So if I go back to see a mess front with my mouse over it you can see in the bottom of my page here
you can see the two parameters the author and post ID.
Right.
All right.
So the next thing is here because we have this page right here right that we have created.
But if we click on it right we get this right here.
All right.
So we are getting something but we are not getting the specific polls for this user.
All right for example this is done by Edwyn.
If I go down to say this is this is going to show me the post ID falls in but it's not going to show
me the rest of the post.
All right.
So yeah we can go in and find out the polls.
We can go and find the specific polls but now polls specifically for these user.
All right.
So in the next lecture I'm going to cut this off on the next election going to show you how to bring
all that together.
Thank you so much for watching the lectures and I see you in the next one